added content on restoring data (#6051)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_restore.adoc

*Note:* Only managed clusters created by the Hive API are automatically connected with the new hub cluster when the `acm-managed-clusters` backup from the managed clusters backup is restored on another hub cluster. All other managed clusters remain in the `Pending Import` state and must be imported back onto the new hub cluster. For more information, see <<restore-imported-managed-clusters,Restoring imported managed clusters>>.

[#restoring-data-primary-hub]
== Restoring data back to the initial primary hub 

> When you need to use a passive hub cluster, create a new passive hub cluster. If you use an existing passive hub cluster that already has data, then the data on this hub cannot reflect the data available from the backup resources or the data after a completed restore. During the hub restore operation, you can configure the hub backup restore to update the existing resources if these resources are not part of the backup data being restored. The hub backup restore only updates the resources if they are resource types known to the backup. If the resources have a CRD that is unknown to the hub backup resource, then the hub backup restore ignores that CRD resource. The hub backup restore only updates resources created by an earlier backup; it cannot update user resources.  

Author: something like:

when you need to restore passive data on a cluster, create a new cluster

Author: no need to always say passive. 

"if you use an exisitng hub cluster..."

see nots to help rewrite this section:

Velero updates existing resources if they have changed with the currently restored backup. It does not clean up delta resources, which are resources created by a previous restore and not part of the currently restored backup. This limits the scenarios that can be used when restoring hub data on a new hub. Unless the restore is applied only once, the new hub could not be relibly used as a passive configuration: the data on this hub is not reflective of the data available with the restored resourc

the new hub could not be relibly used as a passive configuration: the data on this hub is not reflective of the data available with the restored resourc

basically, the data is not reflective of what you'd expect on the hub. the hub needs to match the data exactly from the intial hub where the backup originally happened. 

scenario: if you have an exiting hub and your have 3 applications, and you want to use a backup restore hub, then you get the data from the restore and these three applications. So you have lots of data that's not matching the intital hub.

Author: for more help, see the readme for cleaning up hub restore: https://github.com/stolostron/cluster-backup-operator?tab=readme-ov-file#cleaning-up-the-hub-before-restore

> When you need to use a passive hub cluster, create a new passive hub cluster. If you use an existing passive hub cluster that already has data, then the data on this hub cannot reflect the data available from the backup resources or the data after a completed restore. During the hub restore operation, you can configure the hub backup restore to update the existing resources if these resources are not part of the backup data being restored. The hub backup restore only updates the resources if they are resource types known to the backup. If the resources have a CRD that is unknown to the hub backup resource, then the hub backup restore ignores that CRD resource. The hub backup restore only updates resources created by an earlier backup; it cannot update user resources.  

Author: say "cleaned up" INSTEAD of "updated" Clean up is an actual option for the user!

> When you need to use a passive hub cluster, create a new passive hub cluster. If you use an existing passive hub cluster that already has data, then the data on this hub cannot reflect the data available from the backup resources or the data after a completed restore. During the hub restore operation, you can configure the hub backup restore to update the existing resources if these resources are not part of the backup data being restored. The hub backup restore only updates the resources if they are resource types known to the backup. If the resources have a CRD that is unknown to the hub backup resource, then the hub backup restore ignores that CRD resource. The hub backup restore only updates resources created by an earlier backup; it cannot update user resources.  

Author: last three sentences of the first paragraph could probably be condensed to one sentence: "The restore cleans up resources created by a previous backup but will not clean up user resources."

> When you need to restore backup data on a cluster, create a new cluster. During the hub restore operation, you can configure the hub backup restore to clean up the existing resources if these resources are not part of the backup data being restored. The restore cleans up resources created by an earlier backup but does not clean up user resources. As a result, resources created by the user on this hub will not be cleaned up, so the data on this hub is not reflective of the data available with the restored resource.
> 
> A disaster recovery test is an example situation where you could use an existing hub cluster. In a recovery test, you are only testing the hub backup scenario. In this situation, the initial primary hub has not created new resources. Instead, the backup data has temporarily changed side  from the primary hub to the passive hub cluster.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to restore backup data on a cluster, create a new cluster. During the hub cluster restore operation, you can configure the hub cluster backup restore to clean up the existing resources, if these resources are not part of the backup data being restored. The restore cleans up resources created by an earlier backup but does not clean up user resources. As a result, resources created by the user on this hub cluster are not cleaned up, so the data on this hub cluster is not reflective of the data available with the restored resource.

A disaster recovery test is an example situation where you can use an existing hub cluster. In a recovery test, you are only testing the hub backup scenario. In this situation, the initial primary hub cluster does not create new resources. Instead, the backup data has temporarily changed sides from the primary hub cluster to the passive hub cluster.  
```

> When you need to restore passive data on a cluster, create a new cluster. Velero updates your existing resources if they have changed with the currently restored backup. Velero does not clean up `delta` resources, which are resources created by an earlier restore and not part of the currently restored backup. Because Velero does not clean up `delta` resources, you have less scenarios that you can use when you restore your hub data on a new hub. Unless you apply the restore only one time, you cannot reliably use the new hub as a passive configuration. As a result, the data on this hub is not reflective of the data available with the restored resource. During the hub restore operation, you can configure the hub backup restore to clean up the existing resources if these resources are not part of the backup data being restored. The restore cleans up resources created by an earlier backup but does not clean up user resources.

Reviewer 2: I would change this paragraph with this 

When you need to restore backup data on a cluster, create a new cluster. During the hub restore operation, you can configure the hub backup restore to clean up the existing resources if these resources are not part of the backup data being restored. The restore cleans up resources created by an earlier backup but does not clean up user resources. As a result, resources created by the user on this hub will not be cleaned up so the on this hub is not reflective of the data available with the restored resource.

> Use an existing passive hub cluster during a disaster recovery test. In a recovery test, you are only testing the hub backup scenario. Therefore, you want to go back to the primary passive hub cluster after it restored the backup data. In this situation, the initial primary hub has not created new resources. Instead, the backup data has temporarily changed side  from the primary hub to the passive hub cluster.  

Author: first sentence should be somethign like: 

a disaster recoery test is an example situation where a user would use an exisitng hub cluster for a restore operation.

Author: remove the "passive" :)

> A disaster recovery test is an example situation where you would use an existing hub cluster for a restore operation.  In a recovery test, you are only testing the hub backup scenario. Therefore, you want to go back to the primary passive hub cluster after it restored the backup data. In this situation, the initial primary hub has not created new resources. Instead, the backup data has temporarily changed side  from the primary hub to the passive hub cluster.  

Reviewer 2: change A disaster recovery test is an example situation where you would use an existing hub cluster
with A disaster recovery test is an example situation where you **could** use an existing hub cluster

Reviewer 2: remove : Therefore, you want to go back to the primary passive hub cluster after it restored the backup data.
